

# EzsignbulksendCreateEzsignbulksendtransmissionV2Request

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**fkiUserlogintypeID** | **Integer** | The unique ID of the Userlogintype  Valid values:  |Value|Description|Detail| |-|-|-| |1|**Email Only**|The Ezsignsigner will receive a secure link by email| |2|**Email and phone or SMS**|The Ezsignsigner will receive a secure link by email and will need to authenticate using SMS or Phone call. **Additional fee applies**| |3|**Email and secret question**|The Ezsignsigner will receive a secure link by email and will need to authenticate using a predefined question and answer| |4|**In person only**|The Ezsignsigner will only be able to sign \&quot;In-Person\&quot; and there won&#39;t be any authentication. No email will be sent for invitation to sign. Make sure you evaluate the risk of signature denial and at minimum, we recommend you use a handwritten signature type| |5|**In person with phone or SMS**|The Ezsignsigner will only be able to sign \&quot;In-Person\&quot; and will need to authenticate using SMS or Phone call. No email will be sent for invitation to sign. **Additional fee applies**| |6|**Embedded**|The Ezsignsigner will only be able to sign in the embedded solution. No email will be sent for invitation to sign. **Additional fee applies**|   |7|**Embedded with phone or SMS**|The Ezsignsigner will only be able to sign in the embedded solution and will need to authenticate using SMS or Phone call. No email will be sent for invitation to sign. **Additional fee applies**|   |8|**No validation**|The Ezsignsigner will not receive an email and won&#39;t have to validate his connection using 2 factor. **Additional fee applies**|      |9|**Sms only**|The Ezsignsigner will not receive an email but will will need to authenticate using SMS. **Additional fee applies**|      | 
**fkiSecretquestionID** | **Integer** | The unique ID of the Secretquestion.  Valid values:  |Value|Description| |-|-| |1|The name of the hospital in which you were born| |2|The name of your grade school| |3|The last name of your favorite teacher| |4|Your favorite sports team| |5|Your favorite TV show| |6|Your favorite movie| |7|The name of the street on which you grew up| |8|The name of your first employer| |9|Your first car| |10|Your favorite food| |11|The name of your first pet| |12|Favorite musician/band| |13|What instrument you play| |14|Your father&#39;s middle name| |15|Your mother&#39;s maiden name| |16|Name of your eldest child| |17|Your spouse&#39;s middle name| |18|Favorite restaurant| |19|Childhood nickname| |20|Favorite vacation destination| |21|Your boat&#39;s name| |22|Date of Birth (YYYY-MM-DD)| |23|Secret Code| |24|Your reference code| |25|What are the last 4 digits of your SIN| |26|What is your postal code| |27|What is your employee number| |28|What is your manager’s first name| |29|What is your file number| |30|What is your client/member number| |31|What is your license number| |32|What are the last 4 digits of your phone number| |33|What is your student number| |  [optional]
**fkiEzsigntsarequirementID** | **Integer** | The unique ID of the Ezsigntsarequirement.  Determine if a Time Stamping Authority should add a timestamp on each of the signature. Valid values:  |Value|Description| |-|-| |1|No. TSA Timestamping will requested. This will make all signatures a lot faster since no round-trip to the TSA server will be required. Timestamping will be made using eZsign server&#39;s time.| |2|Best effort. Timestamping from a Time Stamping Authority will be requested but is not mandatory. In the very improbable case it cannot be completed, the timestamping will be made using eZsign server&#39;s time. **Additional fee applies**| |3|Mandatory. Timestamping from a Time Stamping Authority will be requested and is mandatory. In the very improbable case it cannot be completed, the signature will fail and the user will be asked to retry. **Additional fee applies**| |  [optional]
**sEzsignbulksendtransmissionDescription** | **String** | The description of the Ezsignbulksendtransmission | 
**dtEzsigndocumentDuedate** | **String** | The maximum date and time at which the Ezsigndocument can be signed. | 
**iEzsignfolderSendreminderfirstdays** | **Integer** | The number of days before the first reminder sending | 
**iEzsignfolderSendreminderotherdays** | **Integer** | The number of days after the first reminder sending | 
**tExtraMessage** | **String** | A custom text message that will be added to the email sent. | 
**sCsvBase64** | **byte[]** | The Base64 encoded binary content of the CSV file. | 




